org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader,1380
org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.ResourceEnumeration,0
org.apache.tools.ant.AntTypeDefinition,153
org.apache.tools.ant.ArgumentProcessor,10
org.apache.tools.ant.ArgumentProcessorRegistry,34
org.apache.tools.ant.BuildEvent,22
org.apache.tools.ant.BuildException,0
org.apache.tools.ant.BuildListener,21
org.apache.tools.ant.BuildLogger,6
org.apache.tools.ant.ComponentHelper,636
org.apache.tools.ant.DefaultDefinitions,0
org.apache.tools.ant.DefaultLogger,145
org.apache.tools.ant.DemuxInputStream,0
org.apache.tools.ant.DemuxOutputStream,28
org.apache.tools.ant.DemuxOutputStream.BufferInfo,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.Diagnostics,561
org.apache.tools.ant.DirectoryScanner,2095
org.apache.tools.ant.DynamicAttribute,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.DynamicAttributeNS,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.DynamicConfigurator,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.DynamicConfiguratorNS,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.DynamicElement,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.DynamicElementNS,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.DynamicObjectAttribute,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.Evaluable,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.Executor,1
org.apache.tools.ant.ExitException,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.ExitStatusException,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.ExtensionPoint,0
org.apache.tools.ant.FileScanner,91
org.apache.tools.ant.IntrospectionHelper,741
org.apache.tools.ant.IntrospectionHelper.AddNestedCreator,4
org.apache.tools.ant.IntrospectionHelper.AttributeSetter,1
org.apache.tools.ant.IntrospectionHelper.CreateNestedCreator,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.IntrospectionHelper.Creator,0
org.apache.tools.ant.IntrospectionHelper.MethodAndObject,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.IntrospectionHelper.NestedCreator,10
org.apache.tools.ant.Location,11
org.apache.tools.ant.MagicNames,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.Main,407
org.apache.tools.ant.NoBannerLogger,0
org.apache.tools.ant.PathTokenizer,0
org.apache.tools.ant.Project,7244
org.apache.tools.ant.Project.AntRefTable,1
org.apache.tools.ant.ProjectComponent,30
org.apache.tools.ant.ProjectHelper,400
org.apache.tools.ant.ProjectHelper.OnMissingExtensionPoint,1
org.apache.tools.ant.ProjectHelperRepository,47
org.apache.tools.ant.ProjectHelperRepository.ConstructingIterator,1
org.apache.tools.ant.PropertyHelper,860
org.apache.tools.ant.PropertyHelper.Delegate,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.PropertyHelper.PropertyEvaluator,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.PropertyHelper.PropertySetter,1
org.apache.tools.ant.RuntimeConfigurable,261
org.apache.tools.ant.RuntimeConfigurable.AttributeComponentInformation,1
org.apache.tools.ant.RuntimeConfigurable.EnableAttributeConsumer,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.SubBuildListener,1
org.apache.tools.ant.Target,281
org.apache.tools.ant.Target.IfStringCondition,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.Target.UnlessStringCondition,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.Task,318
org.apache.tools.ant.TaskAdapter,4
org.apache.tools.ant.TaskConfigurationChecker,0
org.apache.tools.ant.TaskContainer,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.TypeAdapter,10
org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement,269
org.apache.tools.ant.UnsupportedAttributeException,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.UnsupportedElementException,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.XmlLogger,57
org.apache.tools.ant.XmlLogger.TimedElement,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.attribute.AttributeNamespace,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.attribute.BaseIfAttribute,0
org.apache.tools.ant.attribute.EnableAttribute,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.attribute.IfBlankAttribute,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.attribute.IfBlankAttribute.Unless,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.attribute.IfSetAttribute,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.attribute.IfSetAttribute.Unless,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.attribute.IfTrueAttribute,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.attribute.IfTrueAttribute.Unless,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchTask,1
org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.Dispatchable,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.filters.BaseFilterReader,24
org.apache.tools.ant.filters.BaseParamFilterReader,0
org.apache.tools.ant.filters.ChainableReader,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.filters.ClassConstants,1
org.apache.tools.ant.filters.ConcatFilter,7
org.apache.tools.ant.filters.EscapeUnicode,3
org.apache.tools.ant.filters.ExpandProperties,0
org.apache.tools.ant.filters.FixCrLfFilter,94
org.apache.tools.ant.filters.FixCrLfFilter.AddAsisRemove,15
org.apache.tools.ant.filters.FixCrLfFilter.AddEofFilter,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.filters.FixCrLfFilter.AddTabFilter,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.filters.FixCrLfFilter.CrLf,15
org.apache.tools.ant.filters.FixCrLfFilter.MaskJavaTabLiteralsFilter,0
org.apache.tools.ant.filters.FixCrLfFilter.NormalizeEolFilter,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.filters.FixCrLfFilter.RemoveEofFilter,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.filters.FixCrLfFilter.RemoveTabFilter,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.filters.FixCrLfFilter.SimpleFilterReader,33
org.apache.tools.ant.filters.HeadFilter,4
org.apache.tools.ant.filters.LineContains,6
org.apache.tools.ant.filters.LineContains.Contains,0
org.apache.tools.ant.filters.LineContainsRegExp,8
org.apache.tools.ant.filters.PrefixLines,0
org.apache.tools.ant.filters.ReplaceTokens,39
org.apache.tools.ant.filters.ReplaceTokens.Token,2
org.apache.tools.ant.filters.SortFilter,16
org.apache.tools.ant.filters.StringInputStream,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.filters.StripJavaComments,1
org.apache.tools.ant.filters.StripLineBreaks,0
org.apache.tools.ant.filters.StripLineComments,0
org.apache.tools.ant.filters.StripLineComments.Comment,1
org.apache.tools.ant.filters.SuffixLines,0
org.apache.tools.ant.filters.TabsToSpaces,0
org.apache.tools.ant.filters.TailFilter,10
org.apache.tools.ant.filters.TokenFilter,38
org.apache.tools.ant.filters.TokenFilter.ChainableReaderFilter,0
org.apache.tools.ant.filters.TokenFilter.ContainsRegex,2
org.apache.tools.ant.filters.TokenFilter.ContainsString,0
org.apache.tools.ant.filters.TokenFilter.DeleteCharacters,4
org.apache.tools.ant.filters.TokenFilter.FileTokenizer,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.filters.TokenFilter.Filter,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.filters.TokenFilter.IgnoreBlank,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.filters.TokenFilter.ReplaceRegex,2
org.apache.tools.ant.filters.TokenFilter.ReplaceString,0
org.apache.tools.ant.filters.TokenFilter.StringTokenizer,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.filters.TokenFilter.Trim,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.filters.UniqFilter,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.filters.util.ChainReaderHelper,33
org.apache.tools.ant.filters.util.JavaClassHelper,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.helper.AntXMLContext,371
org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor,1
org.apache.tools.ant.helper.IgnoreDependenciesExecutor,1
org.apache.tools.ant.helper.ProjectHelper2,62
org.apache.tools.ant.helper.ProjectHelper2.AntHandler,15
org.apache.tools.ant.helper.ProjectHelper2.ElementHandler,6
org.apache.tools.ant.helper.ProjectHelper2.MainHandler,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.helper.ProjectHelper2.ProjectHandler,1
org.apache.tools.ant.helper.ProjectHelper2.RootHandler,0
org.apache.tools.ant.helper.ProjectHelper2.TargetHandler,6
org.apache.tools.ant.helper.ProjectHelperImpl,0
org.apache.tools.ant.helper.ProjectHelperImpl.AbstractHandler,0
org.apache.tools.ant.helper.ProjectHelperImpl.DataTypeHandler,0
org.apache.tools.ant.helper.ProjectHelperImpl.DescriptionHandler,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.helper.ProjectHelperImpl.NestedElementHandler,0
org.apache.tools.ant.helper.ProjectHelperImpl.ProjectHandler,3
org.apache.tools.ant.helper.ProjectHelperImpl.RootHandler,0
org.apache.tools.ant.helper.ProjectHelperImpl.TargetHandler,0
org.apache.tools.ant.helper.ProjectHelperImpl.TaskHandler,0
org.apache.tools.ant.helper.SingleCheckExecutor,1
org.apache.tools.ant.input.DefaultInputHandler,3
org.apache.tools.ant.input.GreedyInputHandler,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.input.InputHandler,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.input.InputRequest,11
org.apache.tools.ant.input.MultipleChoiceInputRequest,0
org.apache.tools.ant.input.PropertyFileInputHandler,0
org.apache.tools.ant.input.SecureInputHandler,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.launch.AntMain,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.launch.LaunchException,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher,16
org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Locator,53
org.apache.tools.ant.listener.AnsiColorLogger,0
org.apache.tools.ant.listener.BigProjectLogger,66
org.apache.tools.ant.listener.CommonsLoggingListener,12
org.apache.tools.ant.listener.Log4jListener,0
org.apache.tools.ant.listener.MailLogger,13
org.apache.tools.ant.listener.MailLogger.Values,299
org.apache.tools.ant.listener.ProfileLogger,3
org.apache.tools.ant.listener.SilentLogger,15
org.apache.tools.ant.listener.SimpleBigProjectLogger,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.listener.TimestampedLogger,0
org.apache.tools.ant.loader.AntClassLoader2,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.loader.AntClassLoader5,1
org.apache.tools.ant.property.GetProperty,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.property.LocalProperties,45
org.apache.tools.ant.property.LocalPropertyStack,0
org.apache.tools.ant.property.NullReturn,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.property.ParseNextProperty,1
org.apache.tools.ant.property.ParseProperties,13
org.apache.tools.ant.property.PropertyExpander,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.property.ResolvePropertyMap,4
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.AbstractCvsTask,866
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.AbstractCvsTask.Module,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.AbstractJarSignerTask,256
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Ant,163
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Ant.PropertyType,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Ant.Reference,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Ant.TargetElement,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.AntStructure,6
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.AntStructure.DTDPrinter,20
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.AntStructure.StructurePrinter,6
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Antlib,9
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.AntlibDefinition,2
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Apt,110
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Apt.Option,2
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.AttributeNamespaceDef,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.AugmentReference,9
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Available,158
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Available.FileDir,3
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.BUnzip2,3
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.BZip2,1
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Basename,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.BindTargets,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.BuildNumber,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.CVSPass,4
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.CallTarget,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Checksum,198
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Checksum.FileUnion,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Checksum.FormatElement,1
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Chmod,44
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Classloader,12
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.CloseResources,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.CommandLauncherTask,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Componentdef,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Concat,386
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Concat.ConcatResource,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Concat.MultiReader,28
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Concat.ReaderFactory,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Concat.TextElement,14
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.ConditionTask,9
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Copy,924
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.CopyPath,20
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Copydir,7
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Copyfile,2
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Cvs,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.DefBase,72
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.DefaultExcludes,2
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Definer,192
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Definer.Format,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Definer.OnError,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Delete,147
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Delete.ReverseDirs,1
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Deltree,1
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.DependSet,83
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.DependSet.HideMissingBasedir,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.DependSet.NonExistent,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.DiagnosticsTask,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Dirname,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Ear,7
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Echo,20
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Echo.EchoLevel,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.EchoXML,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.EchoXML.NamespacePolicy,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Exec,20
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Exec.StreamPumper,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.ExecTask,622
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Execute,342
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.ExecuteJava,34
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.ExecuteOn,434
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.ExecuteOn.FileDirBoth,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.ExecuteStreamHandler,10
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.ExecuteWatchdog,5
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Exit,42
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Exit.NestedCondition,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Expand,203
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Filter,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.FixCRLF,38
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.FixCRLF.AddAsisRemove,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.FixCRLF.CrLf,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.FixCRLF.OneLiner,11
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.FixCRLF.OneLiner.BufferLine,111
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.GUnzip,3
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.GZip,1
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.GenerateKey,52
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.GenerateKey.DistinguishedName,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.GenerateKey.DnameParam,2
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Get,131
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Get.Base64Converter,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Get.DownloadProgress,3
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Get.GetThread,2
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Get.NullProgress,3
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Get.VerboseProgress,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.HostInfo,29
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.ImportTask,64
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Input,7
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Input.Handler,3
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Input.HandlerType,1
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.JDBCTask,263
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Jar,520
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Jar.FilesetManifestConfig,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Jar.StrictMode,1
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Java,1426
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Javac,3525
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Javac.ImplementationSpecificArgument,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Javadoc,5683
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Javadoc.AccessType,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Javadoc.DocletInfo,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Javadoc.DocletParam,2
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Javadoc.ExtensionInfo,7
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Javadoc.GroupArgument,11
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Javadoc.Html,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Javadoc.JavadocOutputStream,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Javadoc.LinkArgument,35
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Javadoc.PackageName,1
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Javadoc.ResourceCollectionContainer,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Javadoc.SourceFile,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Javadoc.TagArgument,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Jikes,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.JikesOutputParser,43
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.KeySubst,13
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Length,98
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Length.AccumHandler,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Length.AllHandler,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Length.EachHandler,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Length.FileMode,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Length.Handler,1
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Length.When,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.LoadFile,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.LoadProperties,64
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.LoadResource,7
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Local,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.LogOutputStream,4
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.LogStreamHandler,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.MacroDef,131
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.MacroDef.Attribute,19
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.MacroDef.MyAntTypeDefinition,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.MacroDef.NestedSequential,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.MacroDef.TemplateElement,11
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.MacroDef.Text,34
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.MacroInstance,21
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.MacroInstance.Element,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.MakeUrl,34
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Manifest,32
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Manifest.Attribute,27
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Manifest.Section,75
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.ManifestClassPath,2
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.ManifestException,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.ManifestTask,20
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.ManifestTask.Mode,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.MatchingTask,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Mkdir,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Move,24
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Nice,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Pack,70
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Parallel,40
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Parallel.TaskList,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Parallel.TaskRunnable,4
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Patch,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.PathConvert,154
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.PathConvert.MapEntry,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.PathConvert.TargetOs,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.PreSetDef,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.PreSetDef.PreSetDefinition,45
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.ProcessDestroyer,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.ProcessDestroyer.ProcessDestroyerImpl,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.ProjectHelperTask,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Property,700
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.PropertyHelperTask,6
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.PropertyHelperTask.DelegateElement,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.PumpStreamHandler,52
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.PumpStreamHandler.ThreadWithPumper,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Recorder,141
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Recorder.ActionChoices,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Recorder.VerbosityLevelChoices,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.RecorderEntry,244
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Redirector,225
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Redirector.PropertyOutputStream,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Rename,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Replace,274
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Replace.FileInput,1
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Replace.FileOutput,2
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Replace.NestedString,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Replace.Replacefilter,59
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.ResourceCount,9
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Retry,2
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Rmic,1349
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Rmic.ImplementationSpecificArgument,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.SQLExec,930
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.SQLExec.DelimiterType,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.SQLExec.OnError,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.SQLExec.Transaction,6
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.SendEmail,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Sequential,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.SignJar,224
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Sleep,28
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.StreamPumper,20
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.SubAnt,436
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Sync,37
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Sync.MyCopy,8
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Sync.SyncTarget,4
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Tar,144
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Tar.TarCompressionMethod,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Tar.TarFileSet,8
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Tar.TarLongFileMode,21
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.TaskOutputStream,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Taskdef,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.TempFile,16
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Touch,119
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Touch.DateFormatFactory,1
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Transform,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Truncate,29
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Tstamp,2
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Tstamp.CustomFormat,12
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Tstamp.Unit,1
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Typedef,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Unpack,50
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Untar,13
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Untar.UntarCompressionMethod,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.UpToDate,42
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.VerifyJar,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.VerifyJar.BufferingOutputFilter,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.VerifyJar.BufferingOutputFilterReader,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.WaitFor,35
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.WaitFor.Unit,1
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.War,28
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.WhichResource,8
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.XSLTLiaison,3
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.XSLTLiaison2,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.XSLTLiaison3,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.XSLTLiaison4,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.XSLTLogger,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.XSLTLoggerAware,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.XSLTProcess,1355
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.XSLTProcess.Factory,2
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.XSLTProcess.Factory.Attribute,2
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.XSLTProcess.OutputProperty,2
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.XSLTProcess.Param,54
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.XSLTProcess.StyleMapper,3
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.XSLTProcess.TraceConfiguration,45
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.XmlProperty,483
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Zip,2357
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Zip.ArchiveState,1
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Zip.Duplicate,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Zip.UnicodeExtraField,1
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Zip.WhenEmpty,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Zip.Zip64ModeAttribute,1
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.compilers.AptCompilerAdapter,6
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.compilers.AptExternalCompilerAdapter,1
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.compilers.CompilerAdapter,1
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.compilers.CompilerAdapterExtension,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.compilers.CompilerAdapterFactory,4
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.compilers.DefaultCompilerAdapter,327
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.compilers.Gcj,3
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.compilers.Javac12,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.compilers.Javac13,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.compilers.JavacExternal,1
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.compilers.Jikes,1
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.compilers.Jvc,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.compilers.Kjc,1
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.compilers.Sj,1
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.condition.And,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.condition.AntVersion,5
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.condition.Condition,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.condition.ConditionBase,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.condition.Contains,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.condition.Equals,33
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.condition.FilesMatch,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.condition.HasFreeSpace,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.condition.HasMethod,35
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.condition.Http,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.condition.IsFailure,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.condition.IsFalse,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.condition.IsFileSelected,2
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.condition.IsLastModified,8
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.condition.IsLastModified.CompareMode,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.condition.IsReachable,4
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.condition.IsReference,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.condition.IsSet,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.condition.IsSigned,6
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.condition.IsTrue,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.condition.Matches,7
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.condition.Not,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.condition.Or,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.condition.Os,37
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.condition.ParserSupports,1
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.condition.ResourceContains,12
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.condition.ResourceExists,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.condition.ResourcesMatch,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.condition.Socket,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.condition.TypeFound,2
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.condition.Xor,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.cvslib.CVSEntry,20
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.cvslib.ChangeLogParser,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.cvslib.ChangeLogTask,90
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.cvslib.ChangeLogWriter,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.cvslib.CvsTagDiff,86
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.cvslib.CvsTagEntry,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.cvslib.CvsUser,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.cvslib.CvsVersion,3
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.cvslib.RCSFile,3
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.cvslib.RedirectingOutputStream,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.cvslib.RedirectingStreamHandler,1
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.email.EmailAddress,3
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.email.EmailTask,483
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.email.EmailTask.Encoding,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.email.Header,2
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.email.Mailer,270
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.email.Message,14
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.email.MimeMailer,6
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.email.MimeMailer.SimpleAuthenticator,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.email.MimeMailer.StringDataSource,5
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.email.PlainMailer,3
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.email.UUMailer,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.launcher.CommandLauncher,28
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.launcher.CommandLauncherProxy,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.launcher.Java13CommandLauncher,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.launcher.MacCommandLauncher,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.launcher.OS2CommandLauncher,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.launcher.PerlScriptCommandLauncher,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.launcher.ScriptCommandLauncher,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.launcher.VmsCommandLauncher,6
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.launcher.WinNTCommandLauncher,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.ANTLR,187
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.Cab,38
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.EchoProperties,64
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.EchoProperties.FormatAttribute,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.EchoProperties.Tuple,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.Javah,422
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.Javah.ClassArgument,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.Native2Ascii,80
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.Native2Ascii.ExtMapper,3
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.NetRexxC,897
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.NetRexxC.TraceAttr,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.NetRexxC.VerboseAttr,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.PropertyFile,23
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.PropertyFile.Entry,6
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.PropertyFile.Entry.Operation,1
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.PropertyFile.Entry.Type,1
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.PropertyFile.Unit,1
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.RenameExtensions,2
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.ReplaceRegExp,65
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.Rpm,65
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.SchemaValidate,102
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.SchemaValidate.SchemaLocation,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.Script,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.TraXLiaison,222
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.XMLValidateTask,283
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.XMLValidateTask.Attribute,2
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.XMLValidateTask.Property,2
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.XMLValidateTask.ValidatorErrorHandler,9
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.XSLTTraceSupport,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.Xalan2TraceSupport,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.ccm.CCMCheck,27
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.ccm.CCMCheckin,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.ccm.CCMCheckinDefault,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.ccm.CCMCheckout,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.ccm.CCMCreateTask,159
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.ccm.CCMReconfigure,22
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.ccm.Continuus,11
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.clearcase.CCCheckin,108
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.clearcase.CCCheckout,282
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.clearcase.CCLock,155
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.clearcase.CCMkattr,196
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.clearcase.CCMkbl,139
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.clearcase.CCMkdir,39
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.clearcase.CCMkelem,194
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.clearcase.CCMklabel,176
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.clearcase.CCMklbtype,235
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.clearcase.CCRmtype,157
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.clearcase.CCUnCheckout,4
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.clearcase.CCUnlock,62
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.clearcase.CCUpdate,93
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.clearcase.ClearCase,43
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.depend.AntAnalyzer,1
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.depend.ClassFile,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.depend.ClassFileIterator,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.depend.ClassFileUtils,1
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.depend.Depend,249
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.depend.Depend.ClassFileInfo,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.depend.DirectoryIterator,1
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.depend.JarFileIterator,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.depend.constantpool.ClassCPInfo,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.depend.constantpool.ConstantCPInfo,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.depend.constantpool.ConstantPool,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.depend.constantpool.ConstantPoolEntry,13
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.depend.constantpool.DoubleCPInfo,1
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.depend.constantpool.FieldRefCPInfo,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.depend.constantpool.FloatCPInfo,1
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.depend.constantpool.IntegerCPInfo,1
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.depend.constantpool.InterfaceMethodRefCPInfo,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.depend.constantpool.InvokeDynamicCPInfo,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.depend.constantpool.LongCPInfo,1
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.depend.constantpool.MethodHandleCPInfo,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.depend.constantpool.MethodRefCPInfo,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.depend.constantpool.MethodTypeCPInfo,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.depend.constantpool.NameAndTypeCPInfo,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.depend.constantpool.StringCPInfo,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.depend.constantpool.Utf8CPInfo,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.ejb.BorlandDeploymentTool,238
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.ejb.BorlandGenerateClient,22
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.ejb.DescriptorHandler,17
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.ejb.EJBDeploymentTool,6
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.ejb.EjbJar,153
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.ejb.EjbJar.CMPVersion,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.ejb.EjbJar.Config,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.ejb.EjbJar.DTDLocation,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.ejb.EjbJar.NamingScheme,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.ejb.GenericDeploymentTool,292
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.ejb.IPlanetDeploymentTool,52
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.ejb.IPlanetEjbc,81
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.ejb.IPlanetEjbc.Classname,9
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.ejb.IPlanetEjbc.EjbInfo,362
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.ejb.IPlanetEjbc.EjbcException,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.ejb.IPlanetEjbc.EjbcHandler,14
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.ejb.IPlanetEjbc.RedirectOutput,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.ejb.IPlanetEjbcTask,50
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.ejb.InnerClassFilenameFilter,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.ejb.JbossDeploymentTool,8
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.ejb.JonasDeploymentTool,295
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.ejb.WeblogicDeploymentTool,385
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.ejb.WeblogicTOPLinkDeploymentTool,2
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.ejb.WebsphereDeploymentTool,405
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.extension.Compatability,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.extension.Compatibility,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.extension.DeweyDecimal,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.extension.Extension,178
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.extension.ExtensionAdapter,25
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.extension.ExtensionResolver,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.extension.ExtensionSet,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.extension.ExtensionUtil,15
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.extension.ExtraAttribute,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.extension.JarLibAvailableTask,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.extension.JarLibDisplayTask,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.extension.JarLibManifestTask,46
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.extension.JarLibResolveTask,24
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.extension.LibFileSet,9
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.extension.LibraryDisplayer,10
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.extension.Specification,110
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.extension.resolvers.AntResolver,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.extension.resolvers.LocationResolver,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.extension.resolvers.URLResolver,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.i18n.Translate,93
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.image.Image,113
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.j2ee.AbstractHotDeploymentTool,63
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.j2ee.GenericHotDeploymentTool,4
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.j2ee.HotDeploymentTool,3
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.j2ee.JonasHotDeploymentTool,7
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.j2ee.ServerDeploy,12
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.j2ee.WebLogicHotDeploymentTool,39
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.javacc.JJDoc,14
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.javacc.JJTree,89
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.javacc.JavaCC,10
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.javah.Gcjh,1
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.javah.JavahAdapter,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.javah.JavahAdapterFactory,6
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.javah.Kaffeh,1
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.javah.SunJavah,1
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.jdepend.JDependTask,364
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.jdepend.JDependTask.FormatAttribute,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.jlink.ClassNameReader,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.jlink.ConstantPool,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.jlink.JlinkTask,17
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.jlink.jlink,102
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.jsp.Jasper41Mangler,3
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.jsp.JspC,734
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.jsp.JspC.WebAppParameter,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.jsp.JspMangler,1
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.jsp.JspNameMangler,10
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.jsp.WLJspc,10
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.jsp.compilers.DefaultJspCompilerAdapter,26
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.jsp.compilers.JasperC,10
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.jsp.compilers.JspCompilerAdapter,6
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.jsp.compilers.JspCompilerAdapterFactory,3
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.AggregateTransformer,36
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.AggregateTransformer.Format,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.ArrayEnumeration,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.BaseTest,233
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.BatchTest,26
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.BriefJUnitResultFormatter,89
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.CompoundEnumeration,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.Constants,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.CustomJUnit4TestAdapterCache,3
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.DOMUtil,6
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.DOMUtil.NodeFilter,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.DOMUtil.NodeListImpl,1
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.Enumerations,1
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.FailureRecorder,250
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.FailureRecorder.TestInfos,6
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.FormatterElement,110
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.FormatterElement.DelayedFileOutputStream,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.FormatterElement.TypeAttribute,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.IgnoredTestListener,1
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.IgnoredTestResult,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnit4TestMethodAdapter,5
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnit4TestMethodAdapter.MultipleMethodsFilter,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitResultFormatter,10
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask,2813
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.ForkMode,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.ForkedTestConfiguration,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.JUnitLogOutputStream,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.JUnitLogStreamHandler,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.SummaryAttribute,1
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.TestResultHolder,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTaskMirror,3
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTaskMirror.JUnitResultFormatterMirror,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTaskMirror.JUnitTestRunnerMirror,36
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTaskMirror.SummaryJUnitResultFormatterMirror,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTaskMirrorImpl,3
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTaskMirrorImpl.VmExitErrorTest,6
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTest,242
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner,489
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitVersionHelper,1
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.OutErrSummaryJUnitResultFormatter,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.PlainJUnitResultFormatter,73
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.SummaryJUnitResultFormatter,43
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.TearDownOnVmCrash,49
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.TestIgnored,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.TestListenerWrapper,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.XMLConstants,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.XMLJUnitResultFormatter,115
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.XMLResultAggregator,45
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.native2ascii.DefaultNative2Ascii,6
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.native2ascii.KaffeNative2Ascii,3
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.native2ascii.Native2AsciiAdapter,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.native2ascii.Native2AsciiAdapterFactory,6
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.native2ascii.SunNative2Ascii,1
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.net.FTP,1643
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.net.FTP.Action,1
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.net.FTP.FTPDirectoryScanner,22
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.net.FTP.FTPDirectoryScanner.AntFTPFile,76
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.net.FTP.FTPDirectoryScanner.AntFTPRootFile,1
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.net.FTP.FTPFileProxy,35
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.net.FTP.FTPSystemType,1
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.net.FTP.Granularity,3
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.net.FTP.LanguageCode,3
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.net.FTPConfigurator,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.net.FTPTask,2732
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.net.FTPTask.Action,1
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.net.FTPTask.FTPSystemType,1
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.net.FTPTask.Granularity,3
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.net.FTPTaskConfig,21
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.net.FTPTaskMirror,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.net.FTPTaskMirrorImpl,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.net.FTPTaskMirrorImpl.FTPDirectoryScanner,22
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.net.FTPTaskMirrorImpl.FTPDirectoryScanner.AntFTPFile,76
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.net.FTPTaskMirrorImpl.FTPDirectoryScanner.AntFTPRootFile,1
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.net.FTPTaskMirrorImpl.FTPFileProxy,35
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.net.MimeMail,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.net.RExecTask,26
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.net.RExecTask.AntRExecClient,6
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.net.RExecTask.RExecRead,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.net.RExecTask.RExecSubTask,3
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.net.RExecTask.RExecWrite,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.net.SetProxy,25
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.net.SetProxy.ProxyAuth,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.net.TelnetTask,21
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.net.TelnetTask.AntTelnetClient,3
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.net.TelnetTask.TelnetRead,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.net.TelnetTask.TelnetSubTask,3
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.net.TelnetTask.TelnetWrite,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.pvcs.Pvcs,545
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.pvcs.PvcsProject,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.script.ScriptDef,33
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.script.ScriptDef.Attribute,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.script.ScriptDef.NestedElement,3
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.script.ScriptDefBase,15
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.sos.SOS,628
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.sos.SOSCheckin,6
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.sos.SOSCheckout,3
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.sos.SOSCmd,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.sos.SOSGet,10
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.sos.SOSLabel,6
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.sound.AntSoundPlayer,74
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.sound.SoundTask,2
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.sound.SoundTask.BuildAlert,9
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.splash.SplashScreen,48
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.splash.SplashTask,37
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.ssh.AbstractSshMessage,47
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.ssh.AbstractSshMessage.ProgressMonitor,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.ssh.Directory,52
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.ssh.LogListener,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.ssh.SSHBase,64
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.ssh.SSHExec,150
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.ssh.SSHSession,20
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.ssh.SSHSession.LocalTunnel,9
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.ssh.SSHSession.NestedSequential,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.ssh.SSHSession.RemoteTunnel,9
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.ssh.SSHUserInfo,131
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.ssh.Scp,198
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.ssh.ScpFromMessage,26
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.ssh.ScpFromMessageBySftp,3
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.ssh.ScpToMessage,14
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.ssh.ScpToMessageBySftp,14
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.testing.BlockFor,0
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.testing.BuildTimeoutException,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.testing.Funtest,285
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.testing.Funtest.NestedCondition,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.unix.AbstractAccessTask,10
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.unix.Chgrp,1
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.unix.Chown,1
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.unix.Symlink,130
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.vss.MSVSS,1361
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.vss.MSVSS.CurrentModUpdated,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.vss.MSVSS.WritableFiles,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.vss.MSVSSADD,19
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.vss.MSVSSCHECKIN,15
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.vss.MSVSSCHECKOUT,45
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.vss.MSVSSCP,1
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.vss.MSVSSCREATE,6
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.vss.MSVSSConstants,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.vss.MSVSSGET,55
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.vss.MSVSSHISTORY,55
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.vss.MSVSSHISTORY.BriefCodediffNofile,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.vss.MSVSSLABEL,10
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.windows.Attrib,118
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.rmic.DefaultRmicAdapter,47
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.rmic.DefaultRmicAdapter.RmicFileNameMapper,3
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.rmic.ForkingSunRmic,1
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.rmic.KaffeRmic,1
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.rmic.RmicAdapter,6
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.rmic.RmicAdapterFactory,3
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.rmic.SunRmic,1
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.rmic.WLRmic,10
org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.rmic.XNewRmic,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.types.AbstractFileSet,1538
org.apache.tools.ant.types.AntFilterReader,13
org.apache.tools.ant.types.ArchiveFileSet,419
org.apache.tools.ant.types.ArchiveScanner,40
org.apache.tools.ant.types.Assertions,0
org.apache.tools.ant.types.Assertions.BaseAssertion,11
org.apache.tools.ant.types.Assertions.DisabledAssertion,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.types.Assertions.EnabledAssertion,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.types.Commandline,255
org.apache.tools.ant.types.Commandline.Argument,0
org.apache.tools.ant.types.Commandline.Marker,6
org.apache.tools.ant.types.CommandlineJava,483
org.apache.tools.ant.types.CommandlineJava.SysProperties,22
org.apache.tools.ant.types.Comparison,1
org.apache.tools.ant.types.DTDLocation,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.types.DataType,193
org.apache.tools.ant.types.Description,6
org.apache.tools.ant.types.DirSet,10
org.apache.tools.ant.types.EnumeratedAttribute,24
org.apache.tools.ant.types.Environment,0
org.apache.tools.ant.types.Environment.Variable,0
org.apache.tools.ant.types.FileList,1
org.apache.tools.ant.types.FileList.FileName,0
org.apache.tools.ant.types.FileSet,6
org.apache.tools.ant.types.FilterChain,0
org.apache.tools.ant.types.FilterSet,246
org.apache.tools.ant.types.FilterSet.Filter,2
org.apache.tools.ant.types.FilterSet.FiltersFile,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.types.FilterSet.OnMissing,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.types.FilterSetCollection,0
org.apache.tools.ant.types.FlexInteger,0
org.apache.tools.ant.types.LogLevel,1
org.apache.tools.ant.types.Mapper,51
org.apache.tools.ant.types.Mapper.MapperType,1
org.apache.tools.ant.types.Parameter,9
org.apache.tools.ant.types.Parameterizable,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.types.Path,503
org.apache.tools.ant.types.Path.PathElement,0
org.apache.tools.ant.types.PatternSet,155
org.apache.tools.ant.types.PatternSet.InvertedPatternSet,1
org.apache.tools.ant.types.PatternSet.NameEntry,14
org.apache.tools.ant.types.Permissions,9
org.apache.tools.ant.types.Permissions.MySM,3
org.apache.tools.ant.types.Permissions.Permission,8
org.apache.tools.ant.types.PropertySet,325
org.apache.tools.ant.types.PropertySet.BuiltinPropertySetName,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.types.PropertySet.PropertyRef,7
org.apache.tools.ant.types.Quantifier,3
org.apache.tools.ant.types.Quantifier.Predicate,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.types.RedirectorElement,247
org.apache.tools.ant.types.Reference,0
org.apache.tools.ant.types.RegularExpression,0
org.apache.tools.ant.types.Resource,246
org.apache.tools.ant.types.ResourceCollection,3
org.apache.tools.ant.types.ResourceFactory,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.types.ResourceLocation,9
org.apache.tools.ant.types.Substitution,1
org.apache.tools.ant.types.TarFileSet,105
org.apache.tools.ant.types.TarScanner,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.types.TimeComparison,8
org.apache.tools.ant.types.XMLCatalog,219
org.apache.tools.ant.types.XMLCatalog.CatalogResolver,1
org.apache.tools.ant.types.XMLCatalog.ExternalResolver,0
org.apache.tools.ant.types.XMLCatalog.InternalResolver,1
org.apache.tools.ant.types.ZipFileSet,9
org.apache.tools.ant.types.ZipScanner,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.types.mappers.CutDirsMapper,4
org.apache.tools.ant.types.mappers.FilterMapper,3
org.apache.tools.ant.types.optional.AbstractScriptComponent,0
org.apache.tools.ant.types.optional.ScriptCondition,1
org.apache.tools.ant.types.optional.ScriptFilter,0
org.apache.tools.ant.types.optional.ScriptMapper,4
org.apache.tools.ant.types.optional.ScriptSelector,20
org.apache.tools.ant.types.optional.depend.ClassfileSet,3
org.apache.tools.ant.types.optional.depend.ClassfileSet.ClassRoot,0
org.apache.tools.ant.types.optional.depend.DependScanner,95
org.apache.tools.ant.types.optional.image.Arc,5
org.apache.tools.ant.types.optional.image.BasicShape,3
org.apache.tools.ant.types.optional.image.ColorMapper,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.types.optional.image.Draw,17
org.apache.tools.ant.types.optional.image.DrawOperation,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.types.optional.image.Ellipse,0
org.apache.tools.ant.types.optional.image.ImageOperation,0
org.apache.tools.ant.types.optional.image.Rectangle,2
org.apache.tools.ant.types.optional.image.Rotate,4
org.apache.tools.ant.types.optional.image.Scale,16
org.apache.tools.ant.types.optional.image.Scale.ProportionsAttribute,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.types.optional.image.Text,13
org.apache.tools.ant.types.optional.image.TransformOperation,1
org.apache.tools.ant.types.resolver.ApacheCatalog,0
org.apache.tools.ant.types.resolver.ApacheCatalogResolver,0
org.apache.tools.ant.types.resources.AbstractClasspathResource,44
org.apache.tools.ant.types.resources.AbstractClasspathResource.ClassLoaderWithFlag,0
org.apache.tools.ant.types.resources.AbstractResourceCollectionWrapper,52
org.apache.tools.ant.types.resources.Appendable,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.types.resources.ArchiveResource,112
org.apache.tools.ant.types.resources.Archives,17
org.apache.tools.ant.types.resources.BCFileSet,1
org.apache.tools.ant.types.resources.BZip2Resource,1
org.apache.tools.ant.types.resources.BaseResourceCollectionContainer,45
org.apache.tools.ant.types.resources.BaseResourceCollectionWrapper,6
org.apache.tools.ant.types.resources.CompressedResource,1
org.apache.tools.ant.types.resources.ContentTransformingResource,21
org.apache.tools.ant.types.resources.Difference,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.types.resources.FailFast,7
org.apache.tools.ant.types.resources.FileProvider,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.types.resources.FileResource,199
org.apache.tools.ant.types.resources.FileResourceIterator,4
org.apache.tools.ant.types.resources.Files,47
org.apache.tools.ant.types.resources.First,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.types.resources.GZipResource,3
org.apache.tools.ant.types.resources.ImmutableResourceException,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.types.resources.Intersect,1
org.apache.tools.ant.types.resources.JavaConstantResource,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.types.resources.JavaResource,3
org.apache.tools.ant.types.resources.Last,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.types.resources.LazyResourceCollectionWrapper,3
org.apache.tools.ant.types.resources.LazyResourceCollectionWrapper.CachedIterator,1
org.apache.tools.ant.types.resources.LazyResourceCollectionWrapper.FilteringIterator,1
org.apache.tools.ant.types.resources.LogOutputResource,0
org.apache.tools.ant.types.resources.MappedResource,13
org.apache.tools.ant.types.resources.MappedResourceCollection,55
org.apache.tools.ant.types.resources.PropertyResource,55
org.apache.tools.ant.types.resources.ResourceDecorator,178
org.apache.tools.ant.types.resources.ResourceList,29
org.apache.tools.ant.types.resources.Resources,33
org.apache.tools.ant.types.resources.Resources.MyCollection,3
org.apache.tools.ant.types.resources.Resources.MyCollection.MyIterator,1
org.apache.tools.ant.types.resources.Restrict,0
org.apache.tools.ant.types.resources.SizeLimitCollection,4
org.apache.tools.ant.types.resources.Sort,0
org.apache.tools.ant.types.resources.StringResource,108
org.apache.tools.ant.types.resources.StringResource.StringResourceFilterOutputStream,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.types.resources.TarResource,20
org.apache.tools.ant.types.resources.Tokens,0
org.apache.tools.ant.types.resources.Touchable,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.types.resources.URLProvider,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.types.resources.URLResource,160
org.apache.tools.ant.types.resources.Union,21
org.apache.tools.ant.types.resources.ZipResource,56
org.apache.tools.ant.types.resources.comparators.Content,0
org.apache.tools.ant.types.resources.comparators.Date,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.types.resources.comparators.DelegatedResourceComparator,0
org.apache.tools.ant.types.resources.comparators.Exists,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.types.resources.comparators.FileSystem,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.types.resources.comparators.Name,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.types.resources.comparators.ResourceComparator,6
org.apache.tools.ant.types.resources.comparators.Reverse,0
org.apache.tools.ant.types.resources.comparators.Size,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.types.resources.comparators.Type,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.types.resources.selectors.And,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.types.resources.selectors.Compare,7
org.apache.tools.ant.types.resources.selectors.Date,21
org.apache.tools.ant.types.resources.selectors.Exists,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.types.resources.selectors.InstanceOf,8
org.apache.tools.ant.types.resources.selectors.Majority,0
org.apache.tools.ant.types.resources.selectors.Name,40
org.apache.tools.ant.types.resources.selectors.None,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.types.resources.selectors.Not,0
org.apache.tools.ant.types.resources.selectors.Or,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.types.resources.selectors.ResourceSelector,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.types.resources.selectors.ResourceSelectorContainer,0
org.apache.tools.ant.types.resources.selectors.Size,0
org.apache.tools.ant.types.resources.selectors.Type,0
org.apache.tools.ant.types.resources.selectors.Type.FileDir,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.types.selectors.AbstractSelectorContainer,393
org.apache.tools.ant.types.selectors.AndSelector,1
org.apache.tools.ant.types.selectors.BaseExtendSelector,1
org.apache.tools.ant.types.selectors.BaseSelector,4
org.apache.tools.ant.types.selectors.BaseSelectorContainer,405
org.apache.tools.ant.types.selectors.ContainsRegexpSelector,18
org.apache.tools.ant.types.selectors.ContainsSelector,14
org.apache.tools.ant.types.selectors.DateSelector,24
org.apache.tools.ant.types.selectors.DateSelector.TimeComparisons,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.types.selectors.DependSelector,1
org.apache.tools.ant.types.selectors.DepthSelector,0
org.apache.tools.ant.types.selectors.DifferentSelector,0
org.apache.tools.ant.types.selectors.ExtendFileSelector,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.types.selectors.ExtendSelector,10
org.apache.tools.ant.types.selectors.FileSelector,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.types.selectors.FilenameSelector,2
org.apache.tools.ant.types.selectors.MajoritySelector,1
org.apache.tools.ant.types.selectors.MappingSelector,5
org.apache.tools.ant.types.selectors.NoneSelector,1
org.apache.tools.ant.types.selectors.NotSelector,1
org.apache.tools.ant.types.selectors.OrSelector,1
org.apache.tools.ant.types.selectors.PresentSelector,0
org.apache.tools.ant.types.selectors.PresentSelector.FilePresence,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.types.selectors.ReadableSelector,1
org.apache.tools.ant.types.selectors.SelectSelector,81
org.apache.tools.ant.types.selectors.SelectorContainer,276
org.apache.tools.ant.types.selectors.SelectorScanner,3
org.apache.tools.ant.types.selectors.SelectorUtils,186
org.apache.tools.ant.types.selectors.SignedSelector,0
org.apache.tools.ant.types.selectors.SizeSelector,0
org.apache.tools.ant.types.selectors.SizeSelector.ByteUnits,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.types.selectors.SizeSelector.SizeComparisons,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.types.selectors.TokenizedPath,0
org.apache.tools.ant.types.selectors.TokenizedPattern,0
org.apache.tools.ant.types.selectors.TypeSelector,0
org.apache.tools.ant.types.selectors.TypeSelector.FileType,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.types.selectors.WritableSelector,1
org.apache.tools.ant.types.selectors.modifiedselector.Algorithm,1
org.apache.tools.ant.types.selectors.modifiedselector.Cache,21
org.apache.tools.ant.types.selectors.modifiedselector.ChecksumAlgorithm,0
org.apache.tools.ant.types.selectors.modifiedselector.DigestAlgorithm,0
org.apache.tools.ant.types.selectors.modifiedselector.EqualComparator,1
org.apache.tools.ant.types.selectors.modifiedselector.HashvalueAlgorithm,3
org.apache.tools.ant.types.selectors.modifiedselector.ModifiedSelector,641
org.apache.tools.ant.types.selectors.modifiedselector.ModifiedSelector.AlgorithmName,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.types.selectors.modifiedselector.ModifiedSelector.CacheName,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.types.selectors.modifiedselector.ModifiedSelector.ComparatorName,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.types.selectors.modifiedselector.PropertiesfileCache,0
org.apache.tools.ant.types.spi.Provider,0
org.apache.tools.ant.types.spi.Service,0
org.apache.tools.ant.util.Base64Converter,1
org.apache.tools.ant.util.ChainedMapper,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.util.ClasspathUtils,45
org.apache.tools.ant.util.ClasspathUtils.Delegate,36
org.apache.tools.ant.util.CollectionUtils,36
org.apache.tools.ant.util.CollectionUtils.CompoundEnumeration,1
org.apache.tools.ant.util.CollectionUtils.EmptyEnumeration,1
org.apache.tools.ant.util.CompositeMapper,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.util.ConcatFileInputStream,10
org.apache.tools.ant.util.ConcatResourceInputStream,16
org.apache.tools.ant.util.ContainerMapper,15
org.apache.tools.ant.util.DOMElementWriter,106
org.apache.tools.ant.util.DOMElementWriter.XmlNamespacePolicy,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.util.DOMUtils,15
org.apache.tools.ant.util.DateUtils,41
org.apache.tools.ant.util.DeweyDecimal,13
org.apache.tools.ant.util.FileNameMapper,3
org.apache.tools.ant.util.FileTokenizer,1
org.apache.tools.ant.util.FileUtils,2131
org.apache.tools.ant.util.FirstMatchMapper,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.util.FlatFileNameMapper,3
org.apache.tools.ant.util.GlobPatternMapper,12
org.apache.tools.ant.util.IdentityMapper,3
org.apache.tools.ant.util.IdentityStack,21
org.apache.tools.ant.util.JAXPUtils,55
org.apache.tools.ant.util.JavaEnvUtils,114
org.apache.tools.ant.util.KeepAliveInputStream,1
org.apache.tools.ant.util.KeepAliveOutputStream,6
org.apache.tools.ant.util.LayoutPreservingProperties,165
org.apache.tools.ant.util.LayoutPreservingProperties.Blank,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.util.LayoutPreservingProperties.Comment,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.util.LayoutPreservingProperties.LogicalLine,0
org.apache.tools.ant.util.LayoutPreservingProperties.Pair,33
org.apache.tools.ant.util.LazyFileOutputStream,3
org.apache.tools.ant.util.LazyHashtable,28
org.apache.tools.ant.util.LeadPipeInputStream,8
org.apache.tools.ant.util.LineOrientedOutputStream,9
org.apache.tools.ant.util.LineOrientedOutputStreamRedirector,0
org.apache.tools.ant.util.LineTokenizer,0
org.apache.tools.ant.util.LinkedHashtable,153
org.apache.tools.ant.util.LoaderUtils,28
org.apache.tools.ant.util.MergingMapper,1
org.apache.tools.ant.util.OutputStreamFunneler,8
org.apache.tools.ant.util.OutputStreamFunneler.Funnel,10
org.apache.tools.ant.util.PackageNameMapper,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.util.PropertyOutputStream,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.util.ProxySetup,0
org.apache.tools.ant.util.ReaderInputStream,0
org.apache.tools.ant.util.ReflectUtil,36
org.apache.tools.ant.util.ReflectWrapper,0
org.apache.tools.ant.util.RegexpPatternMapper,0
org.apache.tools.ant.util.ResourceUtils,208
org.apache.tools.ant.util.ResourceUtils.ReadOnlyTargetFileException,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.util.ResourceUtils.ResourceSelectorProvider,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.util.RetryHandler,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.util.Retryable,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.util.ScriptFixBSFPath,3
org.apache.tools.ant.util.ScriptRunner,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.util.ScriptRunnerBase,315
org.apache.tools.ant.util.ScriptRunnerCreator,0
org.apache.tools.ant.util.ScriptRunnerHelper,88
org.apache.tools.ant.util.SourceFileScanner,6
org.apache.tools.ant.util.SplitClassLoader,1
org.apache.tools.ant.util.StringTokenizer,9
org.apache.tools.ant.util.StringUtils,36
org.apache.tools.ant.util.SymbolicLinkUtils,28
org.apache.tools.ant.util.TaskLogger,0
org.apache.tools.ant.util.TeeOutputStream,0
org.apache.tools.ant.util.TimeoutObserver,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.util.Tokenizer,1
org.apache.tools.ant.util.UUEncoder,8
org.apache.tools.ant.util.UnPackageNameMapper,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.util.UnicodeUtil,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.util.VectorSet,231
org.apache.tools.ant.util.Watchdog,3
org.apache.tools.ant.util.WeakishReference,1
org.apache.tools.ant.util.WeakishReference.HardReference,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.util.WorkerAnt,20
org.apache.tools.ant.util.XMLFragment,0
org.apache.tools.ant.util.XMLFragment.Child,0
org.apache.tools.ant.util.XmlConstants,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.util.depend.AbstractAnalyzer,87
org.apache.tools.ant.util.depend.DependencyAnalyzer,45
org.apache.tools.ant.util.depend.bcel.AncestorAnalyzer,1
org.apache.tools.ant.util.depend.bcel.DependencyVisitor,43
org.apache.tools.ant.util.depend.bcel.FullAnalyzer,1
org.apache.tools.ant.util.facade.FacadeTaskHelper,10
org.apache.tools.ant.util.facade.ImplementationSpecificArgument,0
org.apache.tools.ant.util.java15.ProxyDiagnostics,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.util.optional.JavaxScriptRunner,13
org.apache.tools.ant.util.optional.NoExitSecurityManager,1
org.apache.tools.ant.util.optional.ScriptRunner,15
org.apache.tools.ant.util.optional.WeakishReference12,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.util.regexp.JakartaOroMatcher,20
org.apache.tools.ant.util.regexp.JakartaOroRegexp,1
org.apache.tools.ant.util.regexp.JakartaRegexpMatcher,30
org.apache.tools.ant.util.regexp.JakartaRegexpRegexp,1
org.apache.tools.ant.util.regexp.Jdk14RegexpMatcher,22
org.apache.tools.ant.util.regexp.Jdk14RegexpRegexp,1
org.apache.tools.ant.util.regexp.Regexp,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.ant.util.regexp.RegexpFactory,3
org.apache.tools.ant.util.regexp.RegexpMatcher,15
org.apache.tools.ant.util.regexp.RegexpMatcherFactory,10
org.apache.tools.ant.util.regexp.RegexpUtil,10
org.apache.tools.bzip2.BZip2Constants,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.bzip2.BlockSort,104
org.apache.tools.bzip2.CBZip2InputStream,77
org.apache.tools.bzip2.CBZip2InputStream.Data,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.bzip2.CBZip2OutputStream,198
org.apache.tools.bzip2.CBZip2OutputStream.Data,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.bzip2.CRC,0
org.apache.tools.mail.ErrorInQuitException,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.mail.MailMessage,340
org.apache.tools.mail.MailPrintStream,6
org.apache.tools.mail.SmtpResponseReader,2
org.apache.tools.tar.TarArchiveSparseEntry,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.tar.TarBuffer,0
org.apache.tools.tar.TarConstants,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.tar.TarEntry,1163
org.apache.tools.tar.TarInputStream,127
org.apache.tools.tar.TarOutputStream,146
org.apache.tools.tar.TarUtils,151
org.apache.tools.zip.AbstractUnicodeExtraField,3
org.apache.tools.zip.AsiExtraField,129
org.apache.tools.zip.CentralDirectoryParsingZipExtraField,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.zip.ExtraFieldUtils,13
org.apache.tools.zip.ExtraFieldUtils.UnparseableExtraField,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.zip.FallbackZipEncoding,1
org.apache.tools.zip.GeneralPurposeBit,0
org.apache.tools.zip.JarMarker,17
org.apache.tools.zip.NioZipEncoding,0
org.apache.tools.zip.Simple8BitZipEncoding,21
org.apache.tools.zip.Simple8BitZipEncoding.Simple8BitChar,0
org.apache.tools.zip.UnicodeCommentExtraField,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.zip.UnicodePathExtraField,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.zip.UnixStat,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.zip.UnparseableExtraFieldData,3
org.apache.tools.zip.UnrecognizedExtraField,25
org.apache.tools.zip.UnsupportedZipFeatureException,1
org.apache.tools.zip.UnsupportedZipFeatureException.Feature,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.zip.Zip64ExtendedInformationExtraField,0
org.apache.tools.zip.Zip64RequiredException,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.zip.ZipConstants,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.zip.ZipEightByteInteger,34
org.apache.tools.zip.ZipEncoding,3
org.apache.tools.zip.ZipEncodingHelper,6
org.apache.tools.zip.ZipEncodingHelper.SimpleEncodingHolder,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.zip.ZipEntry,647
org.apache.tools.zip.ZipExtraField,15
org.apache.tools.zip.ZipFile,115
org.apache.tools.zip.ZipFile.BoundedInputStream,0
org.apache.tools.zip.ZipFile.Entry,0
org.apache.tools.zip.ZipFile.NameAndComment,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.zip.ZipFile.OffsetEntry,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.zip.ZipLong,14
org.apache.tools.zip.ZipOutputStream,641
org.apache.tools.zip.ZipOutputStream.CurrentEntry,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.zip.ZipOutputStream.UnicodeExtraFieldPolicy,Class contains less than 2 methods
org.apache.tools.zip.ZipShort,10
org.apache.tools.zip.ZipUtil,66
